Chip ends up being revenue neutral after 6 years because of the cost savings for not having sick/dead kids plus the economic productivity of those kids once they survive to adulthood.
It's literally costing the country money to take health care away from kids so that Republicans can shout about how Democrats are hurting kids by not fixing the problem Republicans intentionally  created.
State of the Union recap: Trump name drops the various special guests there while clearly bored because he has to talk about other people. He got really excited because he got to use  a new nickname for that GOP congressman who got shot in the ass
Then he lied about everything for like 45 minutes
Then started making the incredibly weak case for why we're about to go to war with North Korea
Oh, and somewhere in the lying section he dropped that the best thing we could do as a country would be to implement, verbatim, all the entire platform Democrats and Clinton ran on in 2016
She stood when everyone else did
She stood and she glared 
Like hardcore glare
I didn't watch most of it, just listened, so I'm not sure if she ever got caught legitimately smiling but when she came in it was forced smile briefly, sadface, a bit more forced smiling, and then glaring even while clapping like Jackie Kennedy looked less upset and angry after JFK got shot 
He's really killing it. I had 0 expectations for him, but he's pitch perfect in being forceful, unifying, and laying out the goals and ideals of Democrats
3rd generation grifter and 2nd generation trust fund lump Dopn Jr was just bitching about McCabe getting a pension
but yeah, a Kennedy, whose family has generations of public service, THEY'RE the real lazy ones
This is your fault, @CowFu
Attorneys for former national security adviser Michael Flynn and the special counsel's office told a federal court on Wednesday evening they are not ready to schedule a sentencing hearing for Flynn.
You made the classic genie mistake of leaving your wish too open to interpretation, and now we've got information being delayed.
It's the Missouri GOP. The governor tied up his mistress in his basement then blackmailed her with pictures he took. This is honestly the best they can do
The other Senate candidate blamed prostitution on the women's liberation movement of the 60s and access to birth contrrol
He's currently the AG for the state. Guy that thinks "the world's oldest profession" is due to birth control becoming readily available. That's the creme of the GOP crop
Pacifying the religious right who have run the Party since Reagan.
Someone wrote a piece codifying my long stance of being anti-Republican more than pro-Democrat 
Boycott the Republican Party
If conservatives want to save the GOP from itself, they need to vote mindlessly and mechanically against its nominees.
Catholics are anti-birth control but they aren't anti birth control being a thing. Like they don't actively want it banned. The evangelicals have been the ones waging the war on access even if it doesn't affect them in any way.
Like Catholics will direct a person to a pharmacy that will offer plan B, evangelicals will try to have the person arrested and the second pharmacy torched
Hyperbole for the point
Exactly. The why is the important part. When we're down to one party openly attacking the rule or law and going at least a decade without acting in good faith in anything, the need to vote against that party no matter what in the current moment is greater than the usual need to weigh candidates on their own merit.
The "in this moment in time" aspect is also important to the stance not being just a partisan idea. The anti-gop above all else wouldn't have been a good stance as recently as 2006 or so, but it's shifted is hard so certainly Obama was elected that it's hardly recognizable as the same Party.
Since Obama was elected, not "so certainly"
When one party has made power above all else their only actual policy, that's the end of research for me, provided the other option isn't equally authoritarian. No specific issue stance matters when the GOP has so thoroughly proven they're willing to do anything to maintain power, up to and including ignoring laws and partnering, or at least not deterring, the undermining of American democracy by a hostile power.
It's an immediate assault on the full party to make space for those hypothalamus good candidates to get in. The current party ad a whole is too far gone for individual decent people, like a Flake or McCain to make any difference. They have to lose so much and so everywhere that the future of the party has to be shaped around fully eliminating the criminal extremists that have been able to take control and flourish
In phone, so trying to check for phone autocorrects
Hypothetical
Like on the Roy Moore thing, the RNC still backed a pedophile and hundreds of thousands of people still voted for him. The message has to be that so long as the Party allows someone like that anywhere near the senate or any office, the whole party is beyond deserving consideration.
Maybe we just have different thresholds for what constitutes "research." I think of that as meaning what their stances on nuanced issues would be, not whether they tried to bang 14 year olds or have an open contempt for the rule of law.
But we're right back to the party being g part of the research. To run as a republican, a candidate implicitly adopts the principles and ices of the republican party.
The only consistent policy of the GOP has been the accumulation if power, and their "law and order" bullshit has been shown to not apply if the offender has an R next to them
So someone, anyone, by running as a Republican is saying they're on board with that ideology.
To go full Godwin, take out Republican and substitute Nazi. Does someone in the Nazi party still deserve individual consideration? That's the argument being made, that the GOP in 2018 as an institution has become so dangerous to basic underpinnings of society that the analysis stops at Party membership. That everything else is so secondary to the accumulation of power for Republicans that consideration of those other issues is moot.
And the argued solution is an electoral ass kicking so thorough that the message gets through that, regardless of all else, if a Party as a whole rejects the rule of law and the protection of basic democracy, none of them are fit for office.
And the Godwining of them isn't even that much if a stretch. A sitting Republican congressman brought a known white supremacist and holocaust denier as his guest to the state of the union and no other GOP officials stated any opposition to that. Like who gives a shit if a candidate supports net neutrality or whatever issue when they're part of a party that welcomes actual Nazis.
I'm saying as a baseline, how bad does an entire group have to be and for how long before membership in that group itself is disqualifying?
That's a dodge. You're advocating for ignoring all previous data points in favor of if only w the most recent stances by individuals with no weight given to the broader context. It's anti-partisanship above any evidence and it's as intellectually lazy as the inverse, since it's a refusal to take into account information because of party affiliation.
That's why the Nazi reference is relevant, not because the GOP is literally 1940s Nazis, but because there has to be some point where a group itself is so counter to what society should be that being a part of them is disqualifying.
It's what you're arguing. Your saying there is no point where you shouldn't consider the individual aside from the Party.
The party membership is the defining piece of data for the current Republicans. They vote lockstep, and the ones who aren't on board are literally leaving g the party themselves, like Flake.
And in2 saying the reality of the current GOP is that there isn't anything else to consider. They've proven they're Republicans above all else.
OK, so we should just, no matter what, mark as possibly acceptable, a member of a party that openly states laws don't apply to them? Who, as an entire party, openly works and advocates to eliminate the ability of people to vote?
This isn't Party above all else always, this is the realities of what the current, actually existing in active practice Republican party is.
You didn't redirect my question, you ignored it because your stance at its core allows for genocide to be overlooked so long as one person somewhere in the Party takes a moderate stance on something. That's the natural end of refusing to acknowledge what a group, as a group, stands for and does.
It's not "oh, the GOP has bad tax policy" it's "the GOP has said through their actions that the rule of law is dead if you're a Republican, voting rights will be attacked if you don't vote Republican, and any foreign enemy will be welcomed if they help Republicans."
That's not lashing out at all. You're repeatedly dodging and warping the central point. There is, at some point, a level of harmful or evil or dangerous that group can be to where anyone belonging to that group, because of their core beliefs necessary to be party of that group, must be disqualified for any level of power
I'm not saying you support genocide, that's dumb. I'm saying from 0 to genocide, there has to be some point where the acts of a group are so much more important that there stops being any point in weighing any facts beyond membership in that group
No, it's not bullshit. What's the baseline? You're refusing to set up how bad a group would have to be for membership in that group to be disqualifying? Is there no line for that? That's the entire point.
Establishing that point is central to the entire premise though. The article that I posted and my anti-GOP stance is based entirely on that party having hit that point.
My baseline on both the party and candidate is support for the rule of law. If individuals or groups think that laws, regardless of their content, don't apply to them or apply selectively, they're too dangerous for anything else to matter. That's not to mean individuals who break laws, but things like Trump just ignoring the Russian sanctions that were passed into law and everyone shrugs, or the various individuals who as a matter of routine flaunt political finance laws
In the current moment, Democrats have occasional lawless individuals, the GOP has a party apparatus that supports and even encourages lawlessness.
Nope. either 3rd Party or abstain
supporting people like that is how the GOP became what it is
I'm looking at one candidate
the R still is dismissed immediately
Because that's the argument
that you keep ignoring
and mischaracterizing
Exactly. It's not a call to support Democrats blindly. It's a call to oppose Republicans in every spot
in the 2 party system that typically means supporting Democrats, but that support isn't the point
The point is in the refusal to ever support any R, at the moment
You've dodged the central thesis from the start. Read the full article. Even from the title, It doesn't say "only vote Democrat" it says "boycott the Republican Party"
That's a pretty key difference
"out of context quote that ignores the entire thesis and reasoning behind the artice"
the result is voting Democrat because we have a two party system and they're not going to tell people not to vote when, by their analysis, the situation is dire.
and that "never" is why the logical end is being fine with voting for an individual that's part of a genocidal group.
That conclusion to leave room for the "good" ones only works if there's enough room in the Party that they aren't immediately irrelevant. The argument Wittes and Rauch are making is that the GOP has to be hit so hard and have such a large portion of its current members stripped of all power that there's an imperative, in the moment as reality currently exists, to vote against any Republican. That theory has shown true with people like Flake and even Corker or the 30+ House members just straight up leaving rather than be a part to the GOP as it is now. When it's a bridge too far for someone like Trey Gowdy, who's young and in an extremely safe district with no primary challenger, that's a signal that more drastic action has to be aimed at the Party as a whole, that there's not room in the Party for even the "good" Republicans that are already in office
The culture within the Party drifted to extremists for years, but there was a hard shift with the Tea Party wave. It won't flip back without another such large scale electoral event. The state parties bare that out as well, as they've also gotten more and more extreme and the "good" Republicans leave office or get primaried.
You're again pushing a hypothetical when the thesis is about the reality
today, in the world as it is, with the GOP actually doing the things it's been doing, Republicans have lost any benefit of the doubt
now you're just being deliberately obtuse
the article and my stance are real world factual based in reality, those would be the one that you've ignored. the genocide point was the hypothetical in response to your ignoring of the core argument to illustrate through extreme the core argument
which you've still ignored
you ignored the argument of the article and the reality of the GOP, you ignored the hypothetical made  for illustration that was in response to your arguing a hypothetical candidate that does not exist, and you've been, at best, disingenuous to the point of what the current, in existence Republican Party stands for and actually does.
You're not disagreeing with me, you're strawmanning the entire argument
Yes. you've been saying I'm somehow arguing for blind partisanship for Democrats when nowhere was that proposed.
I literally said I'm Godwinning to illustrate it
and you never answered it
at what point is a group too dangerous for any support?
if you don't have a point for that, then the logical end is the historic extremes
that's literally how Hitler went from asshole dictator to genocidal murderer
Germans just kept "well they aren't all bad"-ing that Nazis
It's not a flip of the switch from 0 to Nazi. There has to be a point. What's the point that is beyond redeemable?
Again, that's not the choice, it's an obtuse hypothetical to avoid making any judgement of the actual reality of the current GOP
I literally said you don't advocate for genocide and have said repeatedly that's for illustration to give a scale
since you keep refusing to acknowledge the realities of the last ~decade of actual data on the actual action of the actual Republican Party
The point is, even if a Republican comes along and says all that, the record for that ~decade and continuing is that, by being a Republican, that person doesn't actually advocate for any of that
take Greitens here in the Governor's mansion. He ran explicitly on transparency and against corruption. If taken as his word and ignoring all the aspects that come with being a Republicans in 2018 (16 at the time) it would make sense to support him
but, predictably, he's been the most corrupt and least transparent governor in modern history if not in all of the state's history
the track record of the party as a whole is SO BAD in the current time, that there is no reason to believe any claim of any individual willing to still tie their reputation to the GOP. That's the idea behind the "boycott the GOP" stance
The other thing to this is that, at least so far, the filter on the Democrat's side seems to still be working. The "worst" candidates the Democrats send up are just inexperienced and unqualified.
But he'd never make it through the primary, at least not in the recent past.
I mean, if he did then we'd have an even bigger issue as there's no even neutral options left
given the number of posts we've made, I'm kind of disappointed John had the foresight to quarantine us into another thread
I think in the future, I'm just going to specifically tag @
Not to dive back in because I feel like we got to a good spot, but here's Trump calling all Democrats unamerican and treasonous
President Trump speaks at a manufacturing plant in Ohio as Congress works on passing a spending bill before Thursday's government shutdown deadline. Follow here for the latest.
because that rhetoric coupled with his court appointments and use of law enforcement aren't preludes to a dictatorship at all...
Oh shit. and the Dow is down another 1200 points, or nearly 5%
I was thinking it was 8% but I don't know over what period of time
bottomed out down 1600 points today, so about...6%? just for the day
lost $1 trillion in February already
I'm so done with even pretending to figure causation or even correlation out in the short term
bitcoin was a pretty obvious bubble on a totally unregulated and unstable market
but still, this shit is too much
Apparently the ~$1 trillion in added government debt that was just announced for just this year is getting some of the blame
the tax law blew a giant hole in the projections and that plus the uncertainty of Trump saying during the campaign he'd default on US debt has some people understandably rattled
that's one theory anyway.
Yeah, so if Trump elects to default, those bonds effectively become worthless and the timing of when we do/don't default got moved up by the tax law
Huh, apparently after the Reagan era crash of 22% in a single day,  a hard stop on all trading  was put in if it drops 7% in one day.
Dow
whoops, it's based on the S&P, which makes more sense since it's the larger index
It’s a good day to review circuit breakers. But when do they kick in and how do they work? CNBC explains.
Yep
Breaker didn't hit. It got close at one point, drop was about 6.3% at its worst
We're at a 8.5% drop over a week. So, bad and probably significant as opposed to just a couple bad days that mean nothing, but also not a huge turn yet
I'd say tomorrow and more so the close of this week will be a big indicator
If tomorrow follows the ~2000 point/7% drop of yesterday and today, it might just keep on falling
February 6, 2018
Dow down 1000 again putting it past the 10% mark on the drop over the last 2 weeks.
Apparently that guy I mentioned that called for the dead cay bounce was right. I'll have to figure out who that was then trade exclusively on what he says
Woo, tomorrow is when the girl's investment account buys
bargins
hrm, it might actually be next tuesday, but it gets funded tomorrow, i'll have to go look
it's either thursdays or tuesdays